Added FAQ line for issue 'Missing root span' in trace details. (#480)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/FAQ/distributed-tracing.md

On the Application detail page, the Traces tab might redirect to Jaeger via an external link instead of showing the Kiali Tracing view. It happens when you have the `url` field configured, but not `in_cluster_url`, which means the Kiali backend will not be able to connect to Jaeger.

To fix it, configure `in_cluster_url` in [Kiali CR](https://github.com/kiali/kiali-operator/blob/master/deploy/kiali/kiali_cr.yaml) or ConfigMap.

> ### Why I see "Missing root span" for the root span of some span details on Traces tab?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why do I see "Missing root span" for the root span of some span details on Traces tab?
```

![Missing root span](/images/documentation/faq/tracing/missing-root-span.png)

> In Traces tab, while clicking on a trace, it shows the details of that trace and information about spans. This details also includes the root span information. But for the traces the traffic of which is not comming from ingress-gateway, the root span information is not available in Jaeger, thus Kiali is displaying "Missing root span" for those traces details and tooltips in Traces tab and in Graph pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Traces tab, while clicking on a trace, it shows the details of that trace and information about spans. These details also include the root span information. But for the traces for traffic that is not coming from ingress-gateway, the root span information is not available in Jaeger, thus Kiali is displaying "Missing root span" for those traces' details and tooltips in Traces tab and in Graph pages.
```
